oronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus.

Most people infected with the COVID-19 virus will experience mild to moderate respiratory illness and recover without requiring special treatment.  Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illness.

The best way to prevent and slow down transmission is to be well informed about the COVID-19 virus, the disease it causes and how it spreads. Protect yourself and others from infection by washing your hands or using an alcohol based rub frequently and not touching your face. 

The COVID-19 virus spreads primarily through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose when an infected person coughs or sneezes, so it’s important that you also practice respiratory etiquette (for example, by coughing into a flexed elbow).
Stay informed:

Protect yourself: advice for the public
Myth busters
Questions and answers
Situation reports
All information on the COVID-19 outbreak
Countries
All countries which are Members of the United Nations may become members of WHO by accepting its Constitution. Other countries may be admitted as members when their application has been approved by a simple majority vote of the World Health Assembly. Territories which are not responsible for the conduct of their international relations may be admitted as Associate Members upon application made on their behalf by the Member or other authority responsible for their international relations. Members of WHO are grouped according to regional distribution (194 Member States).
 AIDS
The Ministry of Health of the Republic of Guinea announced a new outbreak of Ebola virus disease on 14 February 2021 after a cluster of cases was reported in in the sub-prefecture of Gouécké, Nzérékoré Region. This is the first time the disease has been reported in Guinea since the previous outbreak ended in 2016.

Laboratory analysis and genetic sequencing is underway to ascertain the Ebolavirus species and whether it is linked to the previous outbreak.

WHO is supporting the Government-led response to set up testing, treatment structures, and with medical supplies, vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostic capacities to quickly contain the outbreak.
